Austin , Texas -- Committee approval of Gov. Price Daniel's `` abandoned property '' act seemed certain Thursday despite the adamant protests of Texas bankers . Daniel personally led the fight for the measure , which he had watered down considerably since its rejection by two previous Legislatures , in a public hearing before the House Committee on Revenue and Taxation . Under committee rules , it went automatically to a subcommittee for one week . But questions with which committee members taunted bankers appearing as witnesses left little doubt that they will recommend passage of it . Daniel termed `` extremely conservative '' his estimate that it would produce 17 million dollars to help erase an anticipated deficit of 63 million dollars at the end of the current fiscal year next Aug. 31 . He told the committee the measure would merely provide means of enforcing the escheat law which has been on the books `` since Texas was a republic '' . It permits the state to take over bank accounts , stocks and other personal property of persons missing for seven years or more . The bill , which Daniel said he drafted personally , would force banks , insurance firms , pipeline companies and other corporations to report such property to the state treasurer . The escheat law cannot be enforced now because it is almost impossible to locate such property , Daniel declared . Dewey Lawrence , a Tyler lawyer representing the Texas Bankers Association , sounded the opposition keynote when he said it would force banks to violate their contractual obligations with depositors and undermine the confidence of bank customers . `` If you destroy confidence in banks , you do something to the economy '' , he said . `` You take out of circulation many millions of dollars '' . Rep. Charles E. Hughes of Sherman , sponsor of the bill , said a failure to enact it would amount `` to making a gift out of the taxpayers' pockets to banks , insurance and pipeline companies '' . His contention was denied by several bankers , including Scott Hudson of Sherman , Gaynor B. Jones of Houston , J. B. Brady of Harlingen and Howard Cox of Austin . Cox argued that the bill is `` probably unconstitutional '' since , he said , it would impair contracts . He also complained that not enough notice was given on the hearing , since the bill was introduced only last Monday . Austin , Texas -- Senators unanimously approved Thursday the bill of Sen. George Parkhouse of Dallas authorizing establishment of day schools for the deaf in Dallas and the four other largest counties . The bill is designed to provide special schooling for more deaf students in the scholastic age at a reduced cost to the state . There was no debate as the Senate passed the bill on to the House . It would authorize the Texas Education Agency to establish county-wide day schools for the deaf in counties of 300,000 or more population , require deaf children between 6 and 13 years of age to attend the day schools , permitting older ones to attend the residential Texas School for the Deaf here . Operating budget for the day schools in the five counties of Dallas , Harris , Bexar , Tarrant and El Paso would be $451,500 , which would be a savings of $157,460 yearly after the first year's capital outlay of $88,000 was absorbed , Parkhouse told the Senate . The TEA estimated there would be 182 scholastics to attend the day school in Dallas County , saving them from coming to Austin to live in the state deaf school . Dallas may get to hear a debate on horse race parimutuels soon between Reps. V. E. ( Red ) Berry and Joe Ratcliff . While details are still to be worked out , Ratcliff said he expects to tell home folks in Dallas why he thinks Berry's proposed constitutional amendment should be rejected . `` We're getting more ' pro ' letters than ' con ' on horse race betting '' , said Ratcliff . `` But I believe if people were better informed on this question , most of them would oppose it also . I'm willing to stake my political career on it '' . Rep. Berry , an ex-gambler from San Antonio , got elected on his advocacy of betting on the ponies . A House committee which heard his local option proposal is expected to give it a favorable report , although the resolution faces hard sledding later . The house passed finally , and sent to the Senate , a bill extending the State Health Department's authority to give planning assistance to cities . The senate quickly whipped through its meager fare of House bills approved by committees , passing the three on the calendar . One validated acts of school districts . Another enlarged authority of the Beaumont Navigation District . The third amended the enabling act for creation of the Lamar county Hospital District , for which a special constitutional amendment previously was adopted . Without dissent , senators passed a bill by Sen. A. R. Schwartz of Galveston authorizing establishment in the future of a school for the mentally retarded in the Gulf Coast district . Money for its construction will be sought later on but in the meantime the State Hospital board can accept gifts and donations of a site . Two tax revision bills were passed . One , by Sen. Louis Crump of San Saba , would aid more than 17,000 retailers who pay a group of miscellaneous excise taxes by eliminating the requirement that each return be notarized . Instead , retailers would sign a certificate of correctness , violation of which would carry a penalty of one to five years in prison , plus a $1,000 fine . It was one of