Several defendants in the Summerdale police burglary trial made statements indicating their guilt at the time of their arrest , Judge James B. Parsons was told in Criminal court yesterday . The disclosure by Charles Bellows , chief defense counsel , startled observers and was viewed as the prelude to a quarrel between the six attorneys representing the eight former policemen now on trial . Bellows made the disclosure when he asked Judge Parsons to grant his client , Alan Clements , 30 , a separate trial . Bellows made the request while the all-woman jury was out of the courtroom . Fears prejudicial aspects `` The statements may be highly prejudicial to my client '' , Bellows told the court . `` Some of the defendants strongly indicated they knew they were receiving stolen property . It is impossible to get a fair trial when some of the defendants made statements involving themselves and others '' . Judge Parsons leaned over the bench and inquired , `` You mean some of the defendants made statements admitting this '' ? ? `` Yes , your honor '' , replied Bellows . `` What this amounts to , if true , is that there will be a free-for-all fight in this case . There is a conflict among the defendants '' . Washington , July 24 -- President Kennedy today pushed aside other White House business to devote all his time and attention to working on the Berlin crisis address he will deliver tomorrow night to the American people over nationwide television and radio . The President spent much of the week-end at his summer home on Cape Cod writing the first drafts of portions of the address with the help of White House aids in Washington with whom he talked by telephone . Shortly after the Chief Executive returned to Washington in midmorning from Hyannis Port , Mass. , a White House spokesman said the address text still had `` quite a way to go '' toward completion . Decisions are made Asked to elaborate , Pierre Salinger , White House press secretary , replied , `` I would say it's got to go thru several more drafts '' . Salinger said the work President Kennedy , advisers , and members of his staff were doing on the address involved composition and wording , rather than last minute decisions on administration plans to meet the latest Berlin crisis precipitated by Russia's demands and proposals for the city . The last 10 cases in the investigation of the Nov. 8 election were dismissed yesterday by Acting Judge John M. Karns , who charged that the prosecution obtained evidence `` by unfair and fundamentally illegal means '' . Karns said that the cases involved a matter `` of even greater significance than the guilt or innocence '' of the 50 persons . He said evidence was obtained `` in violation of the legal rights of citizens '' . Karns' ruling pertained to eight of the 10 cases . In the two other cases he ruled that the state had been `` unable to make a case '' . Contempt proceedings originally had been brought against 677 persons in 133 precincts by Morris J. Wexler , special prosecutor . Issue jury subpoenas Wexler admitted in earlier court hearings that he issued grand jury subpenas to about 200 persons involved in the election investigation , questioned the individuals in the Criminal courts building , but did not take them before the grand jury . Mayer Goldberg , attorney for election judges in the 58th precinct of the 23d ward , argued this procedure constituted intimidation . Wexler has denied repeatedly that coercion was used in questioning . Karns said it was a `` wrongful act '' for Wexler to take statements `` privately and outside of the grand jury room '' . He said this constituted a `` very serious misuse '' of the Criminal court processes . `` Actually , the abuse of the process may have constituted a contempt of the Criminal court of Cook county , altho vindication of the authority of that court is not the function of this court '' , said Karns , who is a City judge in East St. Louis sitting in Cook County court . Faced seven cases Karns had been scheduled this week to hear seven cases involving 35 persons . Wexler had charged the precinct judges in these cases with `` complementary '' miscount of the vote , in which votes would be taken from one candidate and given to another . The cases involved judges in the 33d , 24th , and 42d precincts of the 31st ward , the 21st and 28th precincts of the 29th ward , the 18th precinct of the 4th ward , and the 9th precinct of the 23d ward . The case of the judges in the 58th precinct of the 23d ward had been heard previously and taken under advisement by Karns . Two other cases also were under advisement . Claims precedent lacking After reading his statement discharging the 23d ward case , Karns told Wexler that if the seven cases scheduled for trial also involved persons who had been subpenaed , he would dismiss them . Washington , Feb. 9 -- President Kennedy today proposed a mammoth new medical care program whereby social security taxes on 70 million American workers would be raised to pay the hospital and some other medical bills of 14.2 million Americans over 65 who are covered by social security or railroad retirement programs . The President , in a special message to Congress , tied in with his aged care plan requests for large federal grants to finance medical and dental scholarships , build 20 new medical and 20 new dental schools , and expand child health care and general medical research . The aged care plan , similar to one the President sponsored last year as a