Oslo The most positive element to emerge from the Oslo meeting of North Atlantic Treaty Organization Foreign Ministers has been the freer , franker , and wider discussions , animated by much better mutual understanding than in past meetings . This has been a working session of an organization that , by its very nature , can only proceed along its route step by step and without dramatic changes . In Oslo , the ministers have met in a climate of candor , and made a genuine attempt to get information and understanding one another's problems . This atmosphere of understanding has been particularly noticeable where relations are concerned between the `` colonialist '' powers and those who have never , or not for a long time , had such problems . The nightmare of a clash between those in trouble in Africa , exacerbated by the difficulties , changes , and tragedies facing them , and other allies who intellectually and emotionally disapprove of the circumstances that have brought these troubles about , has been conspicuous by its absence . Explosion avoided In the case of Portugal , which a few weeks ago was rumored ready to walk out of the NATO Council should critics of its Angola policy prove harsh , there has been a noticeable relaxation of tension . The general , remarkably courteous , explanation has left basic positions unchanged , but there has been no explosion in the council . There should even be no more bitter surprises in the UN General Assembly as to NATO members' votes , since a new ad hoc NATO committee has been set up so that in the future such topics as Angola will be discussed in advance . Canada alone has been somewhat out of step with the Oslo attempt to get all the allied cars back on the track behind the NATO locomotive . Even Norway , despite daily but limited manifestations against atomic arms in the heart of this northernmost capital of the alliance , is today closer to the NATO line . On the negative side of the balance sheet must be set some disappointment that the United States leadership has not been as much in evidence as hoped for . One diplomat described the tenor of Secretary of State Dean Rusk's speeches as `` inconclusive '' . But he hastened to add that , if United States policies were not always clear , despite Mr. Rusk's analysis of the various global danger points and setbacks for the West , this may merely mean the new administration has not yet firmly fixed its policy . Exploratory mood A certain vagueness may also be caused by tactical appreciation of the fact that the present council meeting is a semipublic affair , with no fewer than six Soviet correspondents accredited . The impression has nevertheless been given during these three days , despite Mr. Rusk's personal popularity , that the United States delegation came to Oslo in a somewhat tentative and exploratory frame of mind , more ready to listen and learn than to enunciate firm policy on a global scale with detailed application to individual danger spots . The Secretary of State himself , in his first speech , gave some idea of the tremendous march of events inside and outside the United States that has preoccupied the new administration in the past four months . But where the core of NATO is concerned , the Secretary of State has not only reiterated the United States' profound attachment to the alliance , `` cornerstone '' of its foreign policy , but has announced that five nuclear submarines will eventually be at NATO's disposal in European waters . The Secretary of State has also solemnly repeated a warning to the Soviet Union that the United States will not stand for another setback in Berlin , an affirmation once again taken up by the council as a whole . Conflict surveyed The secretary's greatest achievement is perhaps the rekindling of NATO realization that East-West friction , wherever it take place around the globe , is in essence the general conflict between two entirely different societies , and must be treated as such without regard to geographical distance or lack of apparent connection . The annual spring meeting has given an impetus in three main directions : more , deeper , and more timely political consultation within the alliance , the use of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development ( when ratified ) as a method of coordinating aid to the underdeveloped countries , and the need for strengthening conventional forces as well as the maintenance of the nuclear deterrent . This increase in the `` threshold '' , as the conventional forces strengthening is called , will prove one of the alliance's most difficult problems in the months to come . Each ally will have to carry out obligations long since laid down , but never completely fulfilled . Washington The Kennedy administration moves haltingly toward a Geneva conference on Laos just as serious debate over its foreign policy erupts for the first time . There is little optimism here that the Communists will be any more docile at the conference table than they were in military actions on the ground in Laos . The United States , State Department officials explain , now is mainly interested in setting up an international inspection system which will prevent Laos from being used as a base for Communist attacks on neighboring Thailand and South Viet Nam . They count on the aid of the neutral countries attending the Geneva conference to achieve this . The United States hopes that any future Lao Cabinet would not become Communist dominated . But it is apparent that no acceptable formula has been found to prevent such a possibility . Policies modified The inclination here is to accept a de facto cease-fire in Laos , rather than continue to insist on a verification