Plainfield -- James P. Mitchell and Sen. Walter H. Jones R-Bergen , last night disagreed on the value of using as a campaign issue a remark by Richard J. Hughes , Democratic gubernatorial candidate , that the GOP is `` Campaigning on the carcass of Eisenhower Republicanism '' . Mitchell was for using it , Jones against , and Sen. Wayne Dumont Jr. R-Warren did not mention it when the three Republican gubernatorial candidates spoke at staggered intervals before 100 persons at the Park Hotel . The controversial remark was first made Sunday by Hughes at a Westfield Young Democratic Club cocktail party at the Scotch Plains Country Club . It was greeted with a chorus of boos by 500 women in Trenton Monday at a forum of the State Federation of Women's Clubs . Hughes said Monday , `` It is the apparent intention of the Republican Party to campaign on the carcass of what they call Eisenhower Republicanism , but the heart stopped beating and the lifeblood congealed after Eisenhower retired . Now he's gone , the Republican Party is not going to be able to sell the tattered remains to the people of the state '' . Sunday he had added , `` We can love Eisenhower the man , even if we considered him a mediocre president but there is nothing left of the Republican Party without his leadership '' . Mitchell said the statement should become a major issue in the primary and the fall campaign . `` How can a man with any degree of common decency charge this '' ? ? He asked . The former secretary of labor said he was proud to be an Eisenhower Republican `` and proud to have absorbed his philosophy '' while working in his adminstration . Mitchell said the closeness of the outcome in last fall's Presidential election did not mean that Eisenhower Republicanism was a dead issue . Regrets attack Jones said he regretted Hughes had made a personal attack on a past president . `` He is wrong to inject Eisenhower into this campaign '' , he said , `` because the primary is being waged on state issues and I will not be forced into re-arguing an old national campaign '' . The audience last night did not respond with either applause or boos to mention of Hughes' remark . Dumont spoke on the merit of having an open primary . He then launched into what the issues should be in the campaign . State aid to schools , the continuance of railroad passenger service , the proper uses of surplus funds of the Port of New York Authority , and making New Jersey attractive to new industry . Decries joblessness Mitchell decried the high rate of unemployment in the state and said the Meyner administration and the Republican-controlled State Senate `` Must share the blame for this '' . Noting that Plainfield last year had lost the Mack Truck Co. plant , he said industry will not come into this state until there is tax reform . `` But I am not in favor of a sales or state income tax at this time '' , Mitchell said . Jones , unhappy that the candidates were limited to eight minutes for a speech and no audience questions , saved his barbs for Mitchell . He said Mitchell is against the centralization of government in Washington but looks to the Kennedy Administration for aid to meet New Jersey school and transportation crises . `` He calls for help while saying he is against centralization , but you can't have it both ways '' , Jones said . The state is now faced with the immediate question of raising new taxes whether on utilities , real estate or motor vehicles , he said , `` and I challenge Mitchell to tell the people where he stands on the tax issue '' . Defends Ike Earlier , Mitchell said in a statement : `` I think that all Americans will resent deeply the statements made about President Eisenhower by Richard J. Hughes . His reference to ' discredited carcass ' or ' tattered remains ' of the president's leadership is an insult to the man who led our forces to victory in the greatest war in all history , to the man who was twice elected overwhelmingly by the American people as president of the United States , and who has been the symbol to the world of the peace-loving intentions of the free nations . `` I find it hard to understand how anyone seeking a position in public life could demonstrate such poor judgment and bad taste . `` Such a vicious statement can only have its origin in the desire of a new political candidate to try to make his name known by condemning a man of world stature . It can only rebound to Mr. Hughes' discredit '' . Sees Jones ahead Sen. Charles W. Sandman , R-Cape May , said today Jones will run well ahead of his GOP opponents for the gubernatorial nomination . Sandman , state campaign chairman for Jones , was addressing a meeting in the Military Park Hotel , Newark , of Essex County leaders and campaign managers for Jones . Sandman told the gathering that reports from workers on a local level all over the state indicate that Jones will be chosen the Republican Party's nominee with the largest majority given a candidate in recent years . Sandman said : `` The announcement that Sen. Clifford Case Aj , has decided to spend all his available time campaigning for Mr. Mitchell is a dead giveaway . It is a desperate effort to prop up a sagging candidate who has proven he cannot answer any questions about New Jersey's problems . `` We have witnessed in this campaign the effort to project Mr. Mitchell as the image of a unity candidate from Washington . That failed