Resentment welled up yesterday among Democratic district leaders and some county leaders at reports that Mayor Wagner had decided to seek a third term with Paul R. Screvane and Abraham D. Beame as running mates . At the same time reaction among anti-organization Democratic leaders and in the Liberal party to the Mayor's reported plan was generally favorable . Some anti-organization Democrats saw in the program an opportunity to end the bitter internal fight within the Democratic party that has been going on for the last three years . The resentment among Democratic organization leaders to the reported Wagner plan was directed particularly at the Mayor's efforts to name his own running mates without consulting the leaders . Some viewed this attempt as evidence that Mr. Wagner regarded himself as bigger than the party . Opposition reported Some Democratic district and county leaders are reported trying to induce State Controller Arthur Levitt of Brooklyn to oppose Mr. Wagner for the Mayoral nomination in the Sept. 7 Democratic primary . These contend there is a serious question as to whether Mr. Wagner has the confidence of the Democratic rank and file in the city . Their view is that last-minute changes the Mayor is proposing to make in the Democratic ticket only emphasize the weakness of his performance as Mayor . In an apparent effort to head off such a rival primary slate , Mr. Wagner talked by telephone yesterday with Representative Charles A. Buckley , the Bronx Democratic leader , and with Joseph T. Sharkey , the Brooklyn Democratic leader . Mayor visits Buckley As usual , he made no attempt to get in touch with Carmine G. De Sapio , the Manhattan leader . He is publicly on record as believing Mr. De Sapio should be replaced for the good of the party . Last night the Mayor visited Mr. Buckley at the Bronx leader's home for a discussion of the situation . Apparently he believes Mr. Buckley holds the key to the Democratic organization's acceptance of his choices for running mates without a struggle . In talks with Mr. Buckley last week in Washington , the Mayor apparently received the Bronx leader's assent to dropping Controller Lawrence E. Gerosa , who lives in the Bronx , from this year's ticket . But Mr. Buckley seems to have assumed he would be given the right to pick Mr. Gerosa's successor . Screvane and Beame hailed The Mayor declined in two interviews with reporters yesterday to confirm or deny the reports that he had decided to run and wanted Mr. Screvane , who lives in Queens , to replace Abe Stark , the incumbent , as the candidate for President of the City Council and Mr. Beame , who lives in Brooklyn , to replace Mr. Gerosa as the candidate for Controller . The Mayor spoke yesterday at the United Irish Counties Feis on the Hunter College Campus in the Bronx . After his speech , reporters asked him about the report of his political intentions , published in yesterday's New York Times . The Mayor said : `` It didn't come from me . But as I have said before , if I announce my candidacy , I will have something definite to say about running mates '' . Boston , June 16 -- A wave of public resentment against corruption in government is rising in Massachusetts . There is a tangible feeling in the air of revulsion toward politics . The taxi driver taking the visitor from the airport remarks that politicians in the state are `` all the same '' . `` It's ' See Joe , see Jim ' '' , he says . `` The hand is out '' . A political scientist writes of the growth of `` alienated voters '' , who `` believe that voting is useless because politicians or those who influence politicians are corrupt , selfish and beyond popular control . These voters view the political process as a secret conspiracy , the object of which is to plunder them '' . Corruption is hardly a recent development in the city and state that were widely identified as the locale of Edwin O'Connor's novel , `` The Last Hurrah '' . But there are reasons for the current spotlight on the subject . A succession of highly publicized scandals has aroused the public within the last year . Graft in the construction of highways and other public works has brought on state and Federal investigations . And the election of President Kennedy has attracted new attention to the ethical climate of his home state . A reader of the Boston newspapers can hardly escape the impression that petty chicanery , or worse , is the norm in Massachusetts public life . Day after day some new episode is reported . The state Public Works Department is accused of having spent $8,555 to build a private beach for a state judge on his waterfront property . An assistant attorney general is directed to investigate . Washington , June 18 -- Congress starts another week tomorrow with sharply contrasting forecasts for the two chambers . In the Senate , several bills are expected to pass without any major conflict or opposition . In the House , the Southern-Republican coalition is expected to make another major stand in opposition to the Administration's housing bill , while more jockeying is expected in an attempt to advance the aid-to-education bill . The housing bill is now in the House Rules Committee . It is expected to be reported out Tuesday , but this is a little uncertain . The panel's action depends on the return of Representative James W. Trimble , Democrat of Arkansas , who has been siding with Speaker Sam Rayburn's forces in the Rules Committee in moving bills to the floor . Mr. Trimble has been in the hospital but is expected back Tuesday . Leadership is hopeful The housing bill is