Appointment of William S. Pfaff Jr. , 41 , as promotion manager of The Times-Picayune Publishing Company was announced Saturday by John F. Tims , president of the company . Pfaff succeeds Martin Burke , who resigned . The new promotion manager has been employed by the company since January , 1946 , as a commercial artist in the advertising department . He is a native of New Orleans and attended Allen Elementary school , Fortier High school and Soule business college . From June , 1942 , until December , 1945 , Pfaff served in the Army Air Corps . While in the service he attended radio school at Scott Field in Belleville , Ill. . Before entering the service , Pfaff for five years did clerical work with a general merchandising and wholesale firm in New Orleans . He is married to the former Audrey Knecht and has a daughter , Karol , 13 . They reside at 4911 Miles Dr. . Washington -- Thousands of bleacher-type seats are being erected along Pennsylvania Avenue between the Capitol and the White House for the big inaugural parade on Jan. 20 . Assuming the weather is halfway decent that day , hundreds of thousands of persons will mass along this thoroughfare as President John F. Kennedy and retiring President Dwight D. Eisenhower leave Capitol Hill following the oath-taking ceremonies and ride down this historic ceremonial route . Pennsylvania Avenue , named for one of the original 13 states , perhaps is not the most impressive street in the District of Columbia from a commercial standpoint . But from a historic viewpoint none can approach it . Many buildings Within view of the avenue are some of the United States government's tremendous buildings , plus shrines and monuments . Of course , 1600 Pennsylvania , the White House , is the most famous address of the free world . Within an easy walk from Capitol Hill where Pennsylvania Avenue comes together with Constitution Avenue , begins a series of great federal buildings , some a block long and all about seven-stories high . Great chapters of history have been recorded along the avenue , now about 169 years old . In the early spring of 1913 a few hundred thousand persons turned out to watch 5000 women parade . They were the suffragettes and they wanted to vote . In the 1920 presidential election they had that right and many of them did vote for the first time . Seats on square Along this avenue which saw marching soldiers from the War Between the States returning in 1865 is the National Archives building where hundreds of thousands of this country's most valuable records are kept . Also the department of justice building is located where J. Edgar Hoover presides over the federal bureau of investigation . Street car tracks run down the center of Pennsylvania , powered with lines that are underground . Many spectators will be occupying seats and vantage points bordering Lafayette Square , opposite the White House . In this historic square are several statues , but the one that stands out over the others is that of Gen. Andrew Jackson , hero of the Battle of New Orleans . Moving past the presidential viewing stand and Lafayette Square will be at least 40 marching units . About 16,000 military members of all branches of the armed forces will take part in the parade . Division one of the parade will be the service academies . Division two will include the representations of Massachusetts and Texas , the respective states of the President and of Vice-President L. B. Johnson . Then will come nine other states in the order of their admission to the union . Division three will be headed by the Marines followed by 12 states ; ; division four will be headed by the Navy , followed by 11 states ; ; division five , by the Air Force followed by 11 states . Division six will be headed by the Coast Guard , followed by the reserve forces of all services , five states , Puerto Rico , the Virgin Islands , Guam , American Samoa , the trust territories and the Canal Zone . Jackson , Miss. -- What does 1961 offer in political and governmental developments in Mississippi ? ? Even for those who have been observing the political scene a long time , no script from the past is worth very much in gazing into the state's immediate political future . This is largely because of the unpredictability of the man who operates the helm of the state government and is the elected leader of its two million inhabitants -- Gov. Ross Barnett . Barnett , who came into office with no previous experience in public administration , has surrounded himself with confusion which not only keeps his foes guessing but his friends as well . Consequently , it is uncertain after nearly 12 months in office just which direction the Barnett administration will take in the coming year . Could be scramble Some predict the administration will settle down during 1961 and iron out the rough edges which it has had thus far . The builtin headache of the Barnett regime thus far has been the steady stream of job-seekers and others who feel they were given commitments by Barnett at some stage of his eight-year quest for the governor's office . There are many who predict that should Barnett decide to call the Legislature back into special session , it will really throw his administration into a scramble . Certainly nobody will predict that the next time the lawmakers come back together Barnett will be able to enjoy a re-enactment of the strange but successful `` honeymoon '' he had in the 1960 legislative session . If Barnett doesn't call a special session in 1961 , it will be the first year in the last decade that the Legislature