City Controller Alexander Hemphill charged Tuesday that the bids on the Frankford Elevated repair project were rigged to the advantage of a private contracting company which had `` an inside track '' with the city . Estimates of the city's loss in the $344,000 job have ranged as high as $200,000 . Shortcuts unnoticed Hemphill said that the Hughes Steel Erection Co. contracted to do the work at an impossibly low cost with a bid that was far less than the `` legitimate '' bids of competing contractors . The Hughes concern then took `` shortcuts '' on the project but got paid anyway , Hemphill said . The Controller's charge of rigging was the latest development in an investigation which also brought these disclosures Tuesday : The city has sued for the full amount of the $172,400 performance bond covering the contract . The Philadelphia Transportation Co. is investigating the part its organization played in reviewing the project . The signature of Harold V. Varani , former director of architecture and engineering in the Department of Public Property , appeared on payment vouchers certifying work on the project . Varani has been fired on charges of accepting gifts from the contractor . Managing Director Donald C. Wagner has agreed to cooperate fully with Hemphill after a period of sharp disagreement on the matter . The announcement that the city would sue for recovery on the performance bond was made by City Solicitor David Berger at a press conference following a meeting in the morning with Wagner and other officials of the city and the PTC as well as representatives of an engineering firm that was pulled off the El project before its completion in 1959 . Concern bankrupt The Hughes company and the Consolidated Industries , Inc. , both of 3646 N. 2d St. , filed for reorganization under the Federal bankruptcy law . On Monday , the Hughes concern was formally declared bankrupt after its directors indicated they could not draw up a plan for reorganization . Business relations between the companies and city have been under investigation by Hemphill and District Attorney James C. Crumlish , Jr. . Intervenes in case The suit was filed later in the day in Common Pleas Court 7 against the Hughes company and two bonding firms . Travelers Indemnity Co. and the Continental Casualty Co. . At Berger's direction , the city also intervened in the Hughes bankruptcy case in U. S. District Court in a move preliminary to filing a claim there . `` I am taking the position that the contract was clearly violated '' , Berger said . The contract violations mostly involve failure to perform rehabilitation work on expansion joints along the El track . The contract called for overhauling of 102 joints . The city paid for work on 75 , of which no more than 21 were repaired , Hemphill charged . Wide range in bids Hemphill said the Hughes concern contracted to do the repairs at a cost of $500 for each joint . The bid from A. Belanger and Sons of Cambridge , Mass. , which listed the same officers as Hughes , was $600 per joint . But , Hemphill added , bids from other contractors ranged from $2400 to $3100 per joint . Berger's decision to sue for the full amount of the performance bond was questioned by Wagner in the morning press conference . Wagner said the city paid only $37,500 to the Hughes company . `` We won't know the full amount until we get a full report '' , Wagner said . `` We can claim on the maximum amount of the bond '' , Berger said . Wagner replied , `` Can't you just see the headline : ' City Hooked for $172,000 ' '' ? ? ' know enough to sue ' Berger insisted that `` we know enough to sue for the full amount '' . Douglas M. Pratt , president of the PTC , who attended the meeting , said the transit company is reviewing the work on the El . `` We want to find out who knew about it '' , Pratt said . `` Certain people must have known about it '' . `` The PTC is investigating the whole matter '' , Pratt said . Samuel D. Goodis , representing the Philadelphia Hotel Association , objected on Tuesday to a proposed boost by the city in licensing fees , saying that occupancy rates in major hotels here ranged from 48 to 74 percent last year . Goodis voiced his objection before City Council's Finance Committee . For hotels with 1000 rooms , the increased license fee would mean an expense of $5000 a year , Goodis said . Testifies at hearing His testimony came during a hearing on a bill raising fees for a wide variety of licenses , permits and city services . The new fees are expected to raise an additional $740,000 in the remainder of 1961 and $2,330,000 more a year after that . The ordinance would increase the fee for rooming houses , hotels and multi-family dwellings to $5 a room . The cost of a license now is $2 , with an annual renewal fee of $1 . Goodis said that single rooms account for 95 percent of the accomodations in some hotels . Revenue estimated The city expects the higher rooming house , hotel and apartment house fees to bring in an additional $457,000 a year . The increase also was opposed by Leonard Kaplan , spokesman for the Home Builders Association of Philadelphia , on behalf of association members who operate apartment houses . A proposal to raise dog license fees drew an objection from Councilwoman Virginia Knauer , who formerly raised pedigreed dogs . The ordinance would increase fees from $1 for males and $2 for females to a flat $5 a dog . Commissioner replies Mrs. Knauer said she did not