Vincent G. Ierulli has been appointed temporary assistant district attorney , it was announced Monday by Charles E. Raymond , District Attorney . Ierulli will replace Desmond D. Connall who has been called to active military service but is expected back on the job by March 31 . Ierulli , 29 , has been practicing in Portland since November , 1959 . He is a graduate of Portland University and the Northwestern College of Law . He is married and the father of three children . Helping foreign countries to build a sound political structure is more important than aiding them economically , E. M. Martin , assistant secretary of state for economic affairs told members of the World Affairs Council Monday night . Martin , who has been in office in Washington , D. C. , for 13 months spoke at the council's annual meeting at the Multnomah Hotel . He told some 350 persons that the United States' challenge was to help countries build their own societies their own ways , following their own paths . `` We must persuade them to enjoy a way of life which , if not identical , is congenial with ours '' , he said but adding that if they do not develop the kind of society they themselves want it will lack ritiuality and loyalty . Patience needed Insuring that the countries have a freedom of choice , he said , was the biggest detriment to the Soviet Union . He cited East Germany where after 15 years of Soviet rule it has become necessary to build a wall to keep the people in , and added , `` so long as people rebel , we must not give up '' . Martin called for patience on the part of Americans . `` The countries are trying to build in a decade the kind of society we took a century to build '' , he said . By leaving our doors open the United States gives other peoples the opportunity to see us and to compare , he said . Individual help best `` We have no reason to fear failure , but we must be extraordinarily patient '' , the assistant secretary said . Economically , Martin said , the United States could best help foreign countries by helping them help themselves . Private business is more effective than government aid , he explained , because individuals are able to work with the people themselves . The United States must plan to absorb the exported goods of the country , at what he termed a `` social cost '' . Martin said the government has been working to establish firmer prices on primary products which may involve the total income of one country . The Portland school board was asked Monday to take a positive stand towards developing and coordinating with Portland's civil defense more plans for the city's schools in event of attack . But there seemed to be some difference of opinion as to how far the board should go , and whose advice it should follow . The board members , after hearing the coordination plea from Mrs. Ralph H. Molvar , 1409 SW Maplecrest Dr. , said they thought they had already been cooperating . Chairman C. Richard Mears pointed out that perhaps this was not strictly a school board problem , in case of atomic attack , but that the board would cooperate so far as possible to get the children to where the parents wanted them to go . Dr. Melvin W. Barnes , superintendent , said he thought the schools were waiting for some leadership , perhaps on the national level , to make sure that whatever steps of planning they took would `` be more fruitful '' , and that he had found that other school districts were not as far along in their planning as this district . `` Los Angeles has said they would send the children to their homes in case of disaster '' , he said . `` Nobody really expects to evacuate . I think everybody is agreed that we need to hear some voice on the national level that would make some sense and in which we would have some confidence in following . Mrs. Molvar , who kept reiterating her request that they `` please take a stand '' , said , `` We must have faith in somebody -- on the local level , and it wouldn't be possible for everyone to rush to a school to get their children '' . Dr. Barnes said that there seemed to be feeling that evacuation plans , even for a high school where there were lots of cars `` might not be realistic and would not work '' . Mrs. Molvar asked again that the board join in taking a stand in keeping with Jack Lowe's program . The board said it thought it had gone as far as instructed so far and asked for more information to be brought at the next meeting . It was generally agreed that the subject was important and the board should be informed on what was done , is going to be done and what it thought should be done . Salem ( AP ) -- The statewide meeting of war mothers Tuesday in Salem will hear a greeting from Gov. Mark Hatfield . Hatfield also is scheduled to hold a public United Nations Day reception in the state capitol on Tuesday . His schedule calls for a noon speech Monday in Eugene at the Emerald Empire Kiwanis Club . He will speak to Willamette University Young Republicans Thursday night in Salem . On Friday he will go to Portland for the swearing in of Dean Bryson as Multnomah County Circuit Judge . He will attend a meeting of the Republican State Central Committee Saturday in Portland and see the Washington-Oregon football game . Beaverton School District No. 48