Miami , Fla. , March 17 -- The Orioles tonight retained the distinction of being the only winless team among the eighteen Major-League clubs as they dropped their sixth straight spring exhibition decision , this one to the Kansas City Athletics by a score of 5 to 3 . Indications as late as the top of the sixth were that the Birds were to end their victory draught as they coasted along with a 3-to-o advantage . Siebern hits homer Over the first five frames , Jack Fisher , the big righthander who figures to be in the middle of Oriole plans for a drive on the 1961 American League pennant , held the A's scoreless while yielding three scattered hits . Then Dick Hyde , submarine-ball hurler , entered the contest and only five batters needed to face him before there existed a 3-to-3 deadlock . A two-run homer by Norm Siebern and a solo blast by Bill Tuttle tied the game , and single runs in the eighth and ninth gave the Athletics their fifth victory in eight starts . House throws wild With one down in the eighth , Marv Throneberry drew a walk and stole second as Hyde fanned Tuttle . Catcher Frank House's throw in an effort to nab Throneberry was wide and in the dirt . Then Heywood Sullivan , Kansas City catcher , singled up the middle and Throneberry was across with what proved to be the winning run . Rookie southpaw George Stepanovich relieved Hyde at the start of the ninth and gave up the A's fifth tally on a walk to second baseman Dick Howser , a wild pitch , and Frank Cipriani's single under Shortstop Jerry Adair's glove into center . The Orioles once again performed at the plate in powderpuff fashion , gathering only seven blows off the offerings of three Kansas City pitchers . Three were doubles , Brooks Robinson getting a pair and Marv Breeding one . Hartman impressive Bill Kunkel , Bob Hartman and Ed Keegan did the mound chores for the club down from West Palm Beach to play the game before 767 paying customers in Miami Stadium . The Birds got five hits and all three of their runs off Kunkel before Hartman took over in the top of the fourth . Hartman , purchased by the A's from the Milwaukee Braves last fall , allowed no hits in his scoreless three-inning appearance , and merited the triumph . Keegan , a 6-foot-3-inch 158-pounder , gave up the Orioles' last two safeties over the final three frames , escaping a load of trouble in the ninth when the Birds threatened but failed to tally . Robinson doubles again In the ninth , Robinson led off with his second double of the night , a blast off the fence 375 feet deep into left . Whitey Herzog , performing in right as the Orioles fielded possibly their strongest team of the spring , worked Keegan for a base on balls . Then three consecutive pinch-hitters failed to produce . Pete Ward was sent in for House and , after failing in a bunt attempt , popped to Howser on the grass back of short . John Powell , batting for Adair , fanned after fouling off two 2-and-2 pitches , and Buddy Barker , up for Stepanovich , bounced out sharply to Jerry Lumpe at second to end the 2-hour-and-27-minute contest . The Orioles got a run in the first inning when Breeding , along with Robinson , the two Birds who got a pair of hits , doubled to right center , moved to third on Russ Snyder's single to right and crossed on Kunkel's wild pitch into the dirt in front of the plate . The Flock added a pair of tallies in the third on three straight hits after two were out . Jackie Brandt singled deep into the hole at short to start the rally . Lumpe errs Jim Gentile bounced a hard shot off Kunkel's glove and beat it out for a single , and when Lumpe grabbed the ball and threw it over first baseman Throneberry's head Brandt took third and Gentile second on the error . Then Robinson slammed a long double to left center to score both runners . When Robinson tried to stretch his blow into a triple , he was cut down in a close play at third , Tuttle to Andy Carey . The detailed rundown on the Kansas City scoring in the sixth went like this : Lumpe worked a walk as the first batter to face Hyde and romped around as Siebern blasted Hyde's next toss 415 feet over the scoreboard in right center . Carey Singles Carey singled on a slow-bouncing ball to short which Robinson cut across to field and threw wide to first . It was ruled a difficult chance and a hit . Then Throneberry rapped into a fast double play . Breeding to Adair to Gentile , setting up Tuttle's 390-foot homer over the wall in left center . If the Orioles are to break their losing streak within the next two days , it will have to be at the expense of the American League champion New York Yankees , who come in here tomorrow for a night game and a single test Sunday afternoon . Miami , Fla. , March 17 -- The flavor of Baltimore's Florida Grapefruit League news ripened considerably late today when the Orioles were advised that Ron Hansen has fulfilled his obligations under the Army's military training program and is ready for belated spring training . Hansen , who slugged the 1960 Oriole high of 22 homers and drove in 86 runs on a freshman average , completes the Birds' spring squad at 49 players . The big , 22-year-old shortstop , the 1960 American league `` rookie-of-the-year '' , flew here late this afternoon from Baltimore , signed his contract