Austin , Texas -- A Texas halfback who doesn't even know the team's plays , Eldon Moritz , ranks fourth in Southwest Conference scoring after three games . Time stands still every time Moritz , a 26-year-old Army Signal Corps veteran , goes into the field . Although he never gets to play while the clock is running , he gets a big kick -- several every Saturday , in fact -- out of football . Moritz doesn't even have a nose guard or hip pads but he's one of the most valuable members of the Longhorn team that will be heavily favored Saturday over Oklahoma in the Cotton Bowl . That's because he already has kicked 14 extra points in 15 tries . He ran his string of successful conversions this season to 13 straight before one went astray last Saturday night in the 41-8 slaughter of Washington State . Moritz is listed on the Longhorn roster as a right halfback , the position at which he lettered on the 1956 team . But ask coach Darrell Royal what position he plays and you'll get the quick response , `` place-kicker '' . A 208-pound , 6-foot 1-inch senior from Stamford , Moritz practices nothing but place-kicking . Last year , when he worked out at halfback all season , he didn't get into a single game . `` This year , coach Royal told me if I'd work on my place-kicking he thought he could use me '' , said Moritz . `` So I started practicing on it in spring training . Moritz was bothered during the first two games this year by a pulled muscle in the thigh of his right ( kicking ) leg and , as a result , several of his successful conversions have gone barely far enough . Moritz said Monday his leg feels fine and , as a result , he hopes to start practicing field goals this week . He kicked several while playing at Stamford High School , including one that beat Anson , 3-0 , in a 1953 district game . `` I kicked about 110 extra points in 135 tries during three years in high school '' , he said , `` and made 26 in a row at one time . I never did miss one in a playoff game -- I kicked about 20 in the five playoff games my last two years '' . Moritz came to Texas in 1954 but his freshman football efforts were hampered by a knee injury . He missed the 1955 season because of an operation on the ailing knee , then played 77 minutes in 1956 . His statistical record that year , when Texas won only one game and lost nine , was far from impressive : he carried the ball three times for a net gain of 10 yards , punted once for 39 yards and caught one pass for 13 yards . He went into the Army in March , 1957 , and returned two years later . But he was scholastically ineligible in 1959 and merely present last season . Place kicking is largely a matter of timing , Moritz declared . `` Once you get the feel of it , there's not much to it . I've tried to teach some of the other boys to kick and some of them can't seem to get the feel . Practice helps you to get your timing down . `` It's kind of like golf -- if you don't swing a club very often , your timing gets off '' . Moritz , however , kicks only about 10 or 12 extra points during each practice session . `` If you kick too much , your leg gets kinda dead '' , he explained . Footnotes : In their first three games , the Longhorns have had the ball 41 times and scored 16 times , or 40 per cent ; ; their total passing yardage in three games , 447 on 30 completions in 56 attempts , is only 22 yards short of their total passing yardage in 1959 , when they made 469 on 37 completions in 86 tries . Tailback James Saxton already has surpassed his rushing total for his brilliant sophomore season , when he netted 271 yards on 55 carries ; ; he now has 273 yards in 22 tries during three games . Saxton has made only one second-half appearance this season and that was in the Washington State game , for four plays : he returned the kickoff 30 yards , gained five yards through the line and then uncorked a 56-yard touchdown run before retiring to the bench . Wingback Jack Collins injured a knee in the Washington State game but insists he'll be ready for Oklahoma . Last week , when Royal was informed that three Longhorns were among the conference's top four in rushing , he said : `` That won't last long '' . It didn't ; ; Monday , he had four Longhorns in the top four . A good feeling prevailed on the SMU coaching staff Monday , but attention quickly turned from Saturday's victory to next week's problem : Rice University . The Mustangs don't play this week . `` We're just real happy for the players '' , Coach Bill Meek said of the 9-7 victory over the Air Force Academy . `` I think the big thing about the game was that our kids for the third straight week stayed in there pitching and kept the pressure on . It was the first time we've been ahead this season ( when John Richey kicked what proved to be the winning field goal ) '' . Assistant coach John Cudmore described victory as `` a good feeling , I think , on the part of the coaches and the players . We needed it and we got it '' .