Rookie Ron Nischwitz continued his pinpoint pitching Monday night as the Bears made it two straight over Indianapolis , 5-3 . The husky 6-3 , 205-pound lefthander , was in command all the way before an on-the-scene audience of only 949 and countless of television viewers in the Denver area . It was Nischwitz' third straight victory of the new season and ran the Grizzlies' winning streak to four straight . They now lead Louisville by a full game on top of the American Association pack . Nischwitz fanned six and walked only Charley Hinton in the third inning . He has given only the one pass in his 27 innings , an unusual characteristic for a southpaw . The Bears took the lead in the first inning , as they did in Sunday's opener , and never lagged . Dick McAuliffe cracked the first of his two doubles against Lefty Don Rudolph to open the Bear's attack . After Al Paschal gruonded out , Jay Cooke walked and Jim McDaniel singled home McAuliffe . Alusik then moved Cooke across with a line drive to left . Jay Porter drew a base on balls to fill the bases but Don Wert's smash was knocked down by Rudolph for the putout . The Bears added two more in the fifth when McAuliffe dropped a double into the leftfield corner , Paschal doubled down the rightfield line and Cooke singled off Phil Shartzer's glove . Nischwitz was working on a 3-hitter when the Indians bunched three of their eight hits for two runs in the sixth . Chuck Hinton tripled to the rightfield corner , Cliff Cook and Dan Pavletich singled and Gaines' infield roller accounted for the tallies . The Bears added their last run in the sixth on Alusik's double and outfield flies by Porter and Wert . Gaines hammered the ball over the left fence for the third Indianapolis run in the ninth . Despite the 45-degree weather the game was clicked off in 1:48 , thanks to only three bases on balls and some good infield play . Chico Ruiz made a spectacular play on Alusik's grounder in the hole in the fourth and Wert came up with some good stops and showed a strong arm at third base . Bingles and bobbles : Cliff Cook accounted for three of the Tribe's eight hits . It was the season's first night game and an obvious refocusing of the lights are in order . The infield was well flooded but the expanded outfield was much too dark . Mary Dobbs Tuttle was back at the organ . Among the spectators was the noted exotic dancer , Patti Waggin who is Mrs. Don Rudolph when off the stage . Lefty Wyman Carey , another Denver rookie , will be on the mound against veteran John Tsitouris at 8 o'clock Tuesday night . Ed Donnelly is still bothered by a side injury and will miss his starting turn . Dallas , Tex. , May 1 -- ( AP ) -- Kenny Lane of Muskegon , Mich. , world's seventh ranked lightweight , had little trouble in taking a unanimous decision over Rip Randall of Tyler , Tex. , here Monday night . St. Paul-Minneapolis , May 1 -- ( AP ) -- Billy Gardner's line double , which just eluded the diving Minnie Minoso in left field , drove in Jim Lemon with the winning run with two out in the last of the ninth to give the Minnesota Twins a 6-5 victory over the Chicago White Sox Monday . Lemon was on with his fourth single of the game , a liner to center . He came all the way around on Gardner's hit before 5777 fans . It was Gardner's second run batted in of the game and his only ones of the year . Turk Lown was tagged with the loss , his second against no victories , while Ray Moore won his second game against a single loss . The Twins tied the score in the sixth inning when Reno Bertoia beat out a high chopper to third base and scored on Lenny Green's double to left . The White Sox had taken a 5-4 lead in the top of the sixth on a pair of pop fly hits -- a triple by Roy Sievers and single by Camilo Carreon -- a walk and a sacrifice fly . Jim Landis' 380-foot home run over left in the first inning gave the Sox a 1-0 lead , but Harmon Killebrew came back in the bottom of the first with his second homer in two days with the walking Bob Allison aboard . Al Smith's 340-blast over left in the fourth -- his fourth homer of the campaign -- tied the score and Carreon's first major league home run in the fifth put the Sox back in front . A double by Green , Allison's run-scoring 2-baser , an infield single by Lemon and Gardner's solid single to center put the Twins back in front in the last of the fifth . Ogden , Utah , May 1 -- ( AP ) -- Boston Red Sox Outfielder Jackie Jensen said Monday night he was through playing baseball . `` I've had it '' , he told a newsman . `` I know when my reflexes are gone and I'm not going to be any 25th man on the ball club '' . This was the first word from Jensen on his sudden walkout . Jensen got only six hits in 46 at-bats for a batting average in the first 12 games . He took a midnight train out of Cleveland Saturday , without an official word to anybody , and has stayed away from newsmen on his train trip across the nation to Reno , Nev. , where his wife , former Olympic Diving Champion Zoe Ann Olsen , awaited . She said , when she learned Jackie was