Philadelphia , Jan. 23 -- Nick Skorich , the line coach for the football champion Philadelphia Eagles , was elevated today to head coach . Skorich received a three-year contract at a salary believed to be between $20,000 and $25,000 a year . He succeeds Buck Shaw , who retired at the end of last season . The appointment was announced at a news conference at which Skorich said he would retain two members of Shaw's staff -- Jerry Williams and Charlie Gauer . Williams is a defensive coach . Gauer works with the ends . Choice was expected The selection had been expected . Skorich was considered the logical choice after the club gave Norm Van Brocklin permission to seek the head coaching job with the Minnesota Vikings , the newest National Football League entry . Van Brocklin , the quarterback who led the Eagles to the title , was signed by the Vikings last Wednesday . Philadelphia permitted him to seek a better connection after he had refused to reconsider his decision to end his career as a player . With Skorich at the helm , the Eagles are expected to put more emphasis on running , rather than passing . In the past the club depended largely on Van Brocklin's aerials . Skorich , however , is a strong advocate of a balanced attack -- split between running and passing . Coach played 3 years Skorich , who is 39 years old , played football at Cincinnati University and then had a three-year professional career as a lineman under Jock Sutherland with the Pittsburgh Steelers . An injury forced Skorich to quit after the 1948 season . He began his coaching career at Pittsburgh Central Catholic High School in 1949 . He remained there for four years before moving to Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in Troy , N. Y. . He was there one season before rejoining the Steelers as an assistant coach . Four years later he resigned to take a similar job with the Green Bay Packers . The Eagles signed him for Shaw's staff in 1959 . Skorich began his new job auspiciously today . At a ceremony in the reception room of Mayor Richardson Dilworth , the Eagles were honored for winning the championship . Shaw and Skorich headed a group of players , coaches and team officials who received an engrossed copy of an official city citation and a pair of silver cufflinks shaped like a football . With the announcement of a `` special achievement award '' to William A. ( ( Bill ) Shea , the awards list was completed yesterday for Sunday night's thirty-eighth annual dinner and show of the New York Chapter , Baseball Writers' Association of America , at the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel . Shea , the chairman of Mayor Wagner's Baseball Committee , will be joined on the dais by Warren Spahn , the southpaw pitching ace of the Milwaukee Braves ; ; Frank Graham , the Journal-American sports columnist ; ; Bill Mazeroski , the World Series hero of the Pittsburgh Pirates , and Casey Stengel , the former manager of the Yankees . Stengel will receive the Ben Epstein Good Guy Award . Mazeroski , whose homer beat the Yankees in the final series game , will receive the Babe Ruth Award as the outstanding player in the 1960 world series . Graham will be recognized for his meritorious service to baseball and will get the William J. Slocum Memorial Award . To Spahn will go the Sid Mercer Memorial Award as the chapter's player of the year . Show follows ceremonies A crowd of 1,400 is expected for the ceremonies , which will be followed by the show in which the writers will lampoon baseball personalities in skit , dance and song . The 53-year-old Shea , a prominent corporation lawyer with a sports background , is generally recognized as the man most responsible for the imminent return of a National League club to New York . Named by Mayor Wagner three years ago to head a committee that included James A. Farley , Bernard Gimbel and Clint Blume , Shea worked relentlessly . His goal was to obtain a National League team for this city . The departure of the Giants and the Dodgers to California left New York with only the Yankees . Despite countless barriers and disappointments , Shea moved forward . When he was unable to bring about immediate expansion , he sought to convince another National League club to move here . When that failed , he enlisted Branch Rickey's aid in the formation of a third major league , the Continental , with New York as the key franchise . The Continental League never got off the ground , but after two years it forced the existing majors to expand . Flushing stadium in works The New York franchise is headed by Mrs. Charles Shipman Payson . A big-league municipal stadium at Flushing Meadow Park is in the works , and once the lease is signed the local club will be formally recognized by Commissioner Ford C. Frick . Shea's efforts figure prominently in the new stadium . Shea and his wife , Nori , make their home at Sands Point , L. I. . Bill Jr. , 20 , Kathy , 15 , and Patricia , 9 , round out the Shea family . Shea was born in Manhattan . He attended New York University before switching to Georgetown University in Washington . He played basketball there while working toward a law degree . Later , Shea owned and operated the Long Island Indians , a minor league professional football team . He was the lawyer for Ted Collins' old Boston Yankees in the National Football League . All was quiet in the office of the Yankees and the local National Leaguers yesterday . On Friday , Roger Maris , the Yankee outfielder and winner of the American