If the Cardinals heed Manager Gene Mauch of the Phillies , they won't be misled by the Pirates' slower start this season . `` Pittsburgh definitely is the team to beat '' , Mauch said here the other day . `` The Pirates showed they could outclass the field last year . They have the same men , no age problem , no injuries and they also have Vinegar Bend Mizell for the full season , along with Bobby Shantz '' . Tonight at 8 o'clock the Cardinals , who gave the Pirates as much trouble as anyone did in 1960 , breaking even with them , will get their first 1961 shot at baseball's world champions . The Pirates have a 9-6 record this year and the Redbirds are 7-9 . Change in pitchers . Solly Hemus announced a switch in his starting pitcher , from Bob Gibson to Ernie Broglio , for several reasons : 1 Broglio's 4-0 won-lost record and 1.24 earned-run mark against Pittsburgh a year ago ; ; 2 The desire to give Broglio as many starts as possible ; ; 3 The Redbirds' disheartening 11-7 collapse against the Phillies Sunday . Manager Hemus , eager to end a pitching slump that has brought four losses in the five games on the current home stand , moved Gibson to the Wednesday night starting assignment . After Thursday's open date , Solly plans to open with Larry Jackson against the Cubs here Friday night . Harvey Haddix , set back by the flu this season , will start against his former Cardinal mates , who might be playing without captain Kenny Boyer in tonight's game at Busch Stadium . Boyer is suffering from a stiff neck . Haddix has a 13-8 record against the Redbirds , despite only a 1-3 mark in 1960 . Pirate Manager Danny Murtaugh said he hadn't decided between Mizell and Vern Law for Wednesday's game . Mizell has won both of his starts . Nieman kept in lineup . After a lengthy workout yesterday , an open date , Hemus said that Bob Nieman definitely would stay in the lineup . That means Stan Musial probably will ride the bench on the seventh anniversary of his record five-home run day against the Giants . `` I have to stay with Nieman for a while '' , Hemus said . `` Bill White ( sore ankles ) should be ready . With a lefthander going for Pittsburgh , I may use Don Taussig in center '' . `` Lindy McDaniel threw batting practice about 25 minutes , and he looked good '' , Hemus said . `` He should be getting back in the groove before long . Our pitching is much better than it has shown '' . The statistics hardly indicated that the Pirates needed extra batting practice , but Murtaugh also turned his men loose at Busch Stadium yesterday . Six Bucks over . Until the Bucs' bats quieted down a bit in Cincinnati over the weekend , the champions had eight men hitting over . Despite the recession , Pittsburgh came into town with this imposing list of averages : Smoky Burgess , Gino Cimoli , Bill Virdon , Bob Clemente and Dick Groat , each , Dick Stuart , Don Hoak and Bob Skinner . Bill Mazeroski with and Hal Smith with were the only Pirates dragging their feet . Perhaps the Pirate who will be the unhappiest over the news that Musial probably will sit out most of the series is Bob Friend , who was beaten by The Man twice last season on dramatic home runs . Friend is off to a great start with a 4-0 record but isn't likely to see action here this week . `` We're getting Friend some runs for a change , and he has been pitching good '' , Murtaugh said . `` Virdon has been blasting the ball . No plunkers for him '' . Six Bucs over . The Pirates jumped off to an 11-3 start by May 1 last year , when the Redbirds as well as the Dodgers held them even over the season . On last May 1 , the Cardinals stood at 7-6 , ending a two-season fall-off on that milestone . In 1958 , the Birds were 3-10 on May 1 . A year later they were 4-13 . Since 1949 , the St. Louis club has been below on May 1 just four times . The '49 team was off to a so-so 5-5 beginning , then fell as low as 12-17 on May 23 before finishing with 96 victories . The '52 Cards were 6-7 on May 1 but ended with 88 triumphs , the club's top since 1949 . Then last season the Birds tumbled as low as 11-18 on May 19 before recovering to make a race of it and total 86 victories . Since 1949 , the only National League club that got off to a hot start and made a runaway of the race was the '55 Dodger team . Those Dodgers won their first 10 games and owned a 21-2 mark and a nine-game lead by May 8 . The club that overcame the worst start in a comparable period to win the pennant was New York's '51 Giants , who dropped 11 of their first 13 . They honored the battling Billikens last night . Speakers at a Tipoff Club dinner dealt lavish praise to a group of St. Louis University players who , in the words of Coach John Benington , `` had more confidence in themselves than I did '' . The most valuable player award was split three ways , among Glen Mankowski , Gordon Hartweger and Tom Kieffer . In addition , a special award was given to Bob ( Bevo ) Nordmann , the 6-foot-10 center who missed much of the season because of a knee injury .