Romantic news concerns Mrs. Joan Monroe Armour and F. Lee H. Wendell , who are to be married at 4:30 p.m. tomorrow in the Lake Forest home of her brother , J. Hampton Monroe , and Mrs. Monroe . Only the families and a dozen close friends will be present . The bride's brother , Walter D. Monroe Jr. , will give her in marriage . In the small group will be the junior and senior Mrs. Walter Monroe ; ; the bridegroom's parents , the Barrett Wendells , who are returning from a winter holiday in Sarasota , Fla. , for the occasion ; ; and his brother , Mr. Wendell Jr. , and his wife , who will arrive from Boston . Mr. Wendell Jr. will be best man . Also present will be the bride's children , Joan , 13 , and Kirkland , 11 . Their father is Charles B. Armour . The bridegroom's children were here for the Christmas holidays and can't return . Young Peter Wendell , a student at the Westminster school , has measles , and his sister , Mrs. Andrew Thomas , and her husband , who live in Missoula , Mont. , have a new baby . Their mother is Mrs. Camilla Alsop Wendell . Mr. Wendell and his bride will live in his Lake Forest house . They will take a wedding trip later . ' back with the Met `` We are back with the ' Met ' again now that the ' Met ' is back in Chicago '' , bulletins Mrs. Frank S. Sims , president of the women's board of the University of Chicago Cancer Research Foundation . The New York Metropolitan Opera Company will be here in May , and the board will sponsor the Saturday night , May 13 , performance of `` Turandot '' as a benefit . Birgit Nilsson will be starred . `` Housed in the new McCormick Place theater , this should prove to be an exciting evening '' , adds Mrs. Sims . The board's last money raising event was a performance by Harry Belafonte -- `` quite off-beat for this group '' , decided some of the members . Mrs. Henry T. Sulcer of Winnetka , a new board member , will be chairman of publicity for the benefit . Her husband recently was appointed vice president of the university , bringing them back here from the east . Parichy-Hamm Because of the recent death of the bride's father , Frederick B. Hamm , the marriage of Miss Terry Hamm to John Bruce Parichy will be a small one at noon tomorrow in St. Bernadine's church , Forest Park . A small reception will follow in the Oak Park Arms hotel . Mrs. Hamm will not come from Vero Beach , Fla. , for the wedding . However , Mr. Parichy and his bride will go to Vero Beach on their wedding trip , and will stay in the John G. Beadles' beach house . The Beadles formerly lived in Lake Forest . Harvey B. Stevens of Kenilworth will give his niece in marriage . Mr. and Mrs. Stevens and the bride's other uncles and aunts , the Rush C. Butlers , the Homer E. Robertsons , and the David Q. Porters , will give the bridal dinner tonight in the Stevenses' home . Here and there The Chicago Press club will fete George E. Barnes , president of the United States Lawn Tennis association , at a cocktail party and buffet supper beginning at 5:30 p.m. tomorrow . Later , a bus will carry members to the Chicago Stadium to see Jack Kramer's professional tennis matches at 8 p.m. . With loud huzzahs for the artistic success of the Presbyterian-St. Luke's Fashion show still ringing in her ears , its director , Helen Tieken Geraghty ( Mrs. Maurice P. Geraghty ) is taking off tomorrow on a 56 day world trip which should earn her even greater acclaim as director of entertainment for next summer's International Trade fair . Armed with letters from embassies to ministers of countries , especially those in the near and far east , Mrs. Geraghty `` will beat the bushes for oriental talent '' . `` We ( the Chicago Association of Commerce and Industry ) expect to establish closer relations with nations and their cultural activities , and it will be easy as a member of the fair staff to bring in acts '' , explains Mrs. Geraghty . `` For instance , Djakarta , Indonesia , has three groups of dancers interested in coming here . I'm even going to try to get the whirling dervishes of Damascus '' ! ! The last obstacle in Mrs. Geraghty's globe-girdling trip was smoothed out when a representative of Syria called upon her to explain that his brother would meet her at the border of that country -- so newly separated from Egypt and the United Arab Republic that she hadn't been able to obtain a visa . First , Honolulu Honolulu will be Mrs. Geraghty's first stop . Then Japan , Hong Kong , Manila , India , Pakistan , Damascus , Beirut , and to Rome , London , and Paris `` to look over wonderful talent '' . Dec. 22 is the deadline for Mrs. Geraghty's return ; ; the Geraghtys' youngest daughter , Molly , bows in the Passavant Debutante Cotillion the next night . Molly already has her cotillion gown , and it's fitted , says her mother . Also , invitations have been addressed to Molly's debut tea the afternoon of Dec. 29 in the Arts club . It won't be a `` tea '' , however , but more of an international folk song festival , with singers from Chicago's foreign groups to sing Christmas songs from around the world . The international theme will be continued with the Balkan strings playing for a dinner