After being closed for seven months , the Garden of the Gods Club will have its gala summer opening Saturday , June 3 . Music for dancing will be furnished by Allen Uhles and his orchestra , who will play each Saturday during June . Members and guests will be in for an added surprise with the new wing containing 40 rooms and suites , each with its own private patio . Gene Marshall , genial manager of the club , has announced that the Garden of the Gods will open to members Thursday , June 1 . Beginning July 4 , there will be an orchestra playing nightly except Sunday and Monday for the summer season . Mrs. J. Edward Hackstaff and Mrs. Paul Luette are planning a luncheon next week in honor of Mrs. J. Clinton Bowman , who celebrates her birthday on Tuesday . Mr. and Mrs. Jerry Chase announce the birth of a daughter , Sheila , on Wednesday in Mercy Hospital . Grandparents are Mr. and Mrs. Robert L. Chase and Mr. and Mrs. Guy Mullenax of Kittredge . Mrs. Chase is the former Miss Mary Mullenax . Back to w. coast Mrs. McIntosh Buell will leave Sunday to return to her home in Santa Barbara , Calif. , after spending a week in her Polo Grounds home . Mrs. John C. Vroman Jr. of Manzanola is spending several days in her Sherman Plaza apartment . Mr. and Mrs. Merrill Shoup have returned to their home in Colorado Springs after spending a few days at the Brown Palace Hotel . Brig. Gen. and Mrs. Robert F. McDermott will entertain at a black tie dinner Wednesday , May 3 , in the Officers' Club at the Air Force Academy . Cocktail party Mr. and Mrs. Piero De Luise will honor Italian Consul and Mrs. Emilio Bassi at a cocktail party Tuesday , May 2 , from 6 to 8 p.m. in their home . The Bassis are leaving soon for their new post . There will be a stag dinner Friday evening at the Denver Country Club which will precede the opening of the 1961 golf season . Cocktails will be served from 6 to 7 p.m. , with dinner at 7 and entertainment in the main dining room immediately following . Miss Betsy Parker was one of the speakers on the panel of the Eastern Women's Liberal Arts College panel on Wednesday evening in the Security Life Bldg. . Guests were juniors in the public high schools . Fashion show The committee for the annual Central City fashion show has been announced by Mrs. D. W. Moore , chairman . The event , staged yearly by Neusteters , will be held in the Opera House Wednesday , Aug. 16 . It will be preceded by luncheon in the Teter House . Mrs. Roger Mead is head of the luncheon table decorations . Mrs. Stanley Wright is ticket chairman and Mrs. Theodore Pate is in charge of publicity . Members of the committee include Mrs. Milton Bernet , Mrs. J. Clinton Bowman , Mrs. Rollie W. Bradford , Mrs. Samuel Butler Jr. , Mrs. Donald Carr Campbell , Mrs. Douglas Carruthers , Mrs. John C. Davis 3 , , Mrs. Cris Dobbins , Mrs. William E. Glass , Mrs. Alfred Hicks 2 , , Mrs. Donald Magarrell , Mrs. Willett Moore , Mrs. Myron Neusteter , Mrs. Richard Gibson Smith , Mrs. James S. Sudier 2 , and Mrs. Thomas Welborn . The first committee meeting will be held on May 19 . Mr. and Mrs. Andrew S. Kelsey of Washington , D.C. , announce the birth of a daughter , Kira Ann Kelsey , on Monday in Washington , D.C. . Grandparents are Mr. and Mrs. R.L. Rickenbaugh and Mr. and Mrs. E.O. Kelsey of Scarsdale , N.Y. . Mrs. Kelsey is the former Miss Ann Rickenbaugh . A cheery smile , a compassionate interest in others and a practical down-to-earth approach . Those qualities make Esther Marr a popular asset at the Salvation Army's Social Center at 1200 Larimer St. . The pert , gray-haired woman who came to Denver three years ago from Buffalo , N.Y. , is a `` civilian '' with the Army . Her position covers a number of daily tasks common to any social director . The job also covers a number of other items . `` Mom '' Marr , as the more than 80 men at the center call her , is the link that helps to bridge the gulf between alcoholics and the outside world and between parolees and society . Her day starts early , but no matter how many pressing letters there are to be written ( and during May , which is National Salvation Army Week , there are plenty ) , schedules to be made or problems to be solved , Mrs. Marr's office is always open and the welcome mat is out . Mrs. Marr is the first contact a Skid Row figure talks to after he decides he wants to pick himself up . She sees that there is a cup of steaming hot coffee awaiting him and the two chat informally as she presents the rules of the center and explains procedures . `` Usually at this point a man is withdrawn from society and one of my jobs is to see that he relearns to mingle with his fellow men '' , Mrs. Marr explained . The Denverite has worked out an entire program to achieve this using the facilities of the center . `` And I bum tickets to everything I can '' , she said . `` I've become the greatest beggar in the world '' . In addition to the tickets to the movies , sporting events and concerts , Mrs. Marr lines up candy and cookies because alcoholics require a lot of sweets to replace the sugar in their system . Mrs. Marr also