`` A Night in New Orleans '' is the gayety planned by members of the Thrift Shop Committee for May 6 at Philmont Country Club . The women have a reputation for giving parties that are different and are fun and this year's promises to follow in this fine tradition . Mrs. H. J. Grinsfelder is chairman . The Louisiana city is known , of course , for its fine food , good music and its colorful hospitality `` and , when guests arrive at Philmont that night '' , says Mrs. Grinsfelder , `` that is exactly what we expect to offer them . We've been working for weeks . The prospects look great . We are keeping a number of surprises under our hats . But we can't tell it all now and then have no new excitement later '' . Basin Street Beat But she does indicate festivities will start early , that a jazz combo will `` give with the Basin Street beat '' during the cocktail and dinner hours and that Lester Lanin's orchestra will take over during the dancing . As for food , Mrs. Henry Louchheim , chairman of this phase , is a globetrotter who knows good food . `` New Orleans '' ? ? She says , `` of course I've had the best . It is just bad luck that we are having the party in a month with no R's , so no oysters . But we have lots of other New Orleans specialties . I know they will be good . We've tried them out on the club chef -- or say , he has tried them out on us and we have selected the best '' . Scenic effects Guests will be treated to Gulf Coast scenic effects . There will be masses of flowers , reproductions of the handsome old buildings with their grillwork and other things that are typical of New Orleans . Mrs. Harry K. Cohen is chairman of this phase and she is getting an artistic assist from A. Van Hollander , display director of Gimbel Brothers . The gala is the Thrift Shop's annual bundle party and , as all Thrift Shop friends know , that means the admission is a bundle of used clothing in good condition , contributions of household equipment , bric-a-brac and such to stock the shelves at the shop's headquarters at 1213 Walnut St. . Bundle centers For the convenience of guests bundle centers have been established throughout the city and suburbs where the donations may be deposited between now and the date of the big event . In addition to the bundles , guests pay the cost of their dinners . Members of the young set who would like to come to the party only during the dancing time are welcomed . The Thrift Shop , with Mrs. Bernhard S. Blumenthal as president , is one of the city's most successful fund-raisers for the Federation of Jewish Agencies . Some idea of the competence of the women is indicated in the contribution made by them during the past 25 years that totals $840,000 . It's big business `` Big business , this little Thrift Shop business '' , say the members . For most of the 25 years the operation was under feminine direction . In the past few years the men , mostly husbands of members , have taken an interest . Louis Glazer is chairman of the men's committee that , among other jobs , takes over part of the responsibility for staffing the shop during its evening hours . Mrs. Theodore Kapnek is vice chairman of the committee for the gala . Mrs. Richard Newburger is chairman of hostesses . Mrs. Arthur Loeb is making arrangements for a reception ; ; Mrs. Joan Lichtenstein , for publicity ; ; Mrs. Harry M. Rose , Jr. , for secretarial duties ; ; Mrs. Ralph Taussig , for junior aides ; ; Mr. and Mrs. B. Lewis Kaufnabb , for senior aides , and Mrs. Samuel P. Weinberg , for the bundles . In addition , Mr. and Mrs. Allan Goodman are controllers , Mrs. Paul Stone is treasurer and Mrs. Albert Quell is in charge of admittance for the dancing at 9 P.m. . Besides the bundle centers where contributions may be made there will be facilities at Philmont Country Club for those who would like to bring the bundles on the night of the party . The women's committee of St. David's Church will hold its annual pre-Fair pink parade , a dessert bridge and fashion show at 1 p.m. on Monday , April 17 , in the chapel assembly room , Wayne . Mrs. Robert O. Spurdle is chairman of the committee , which includes Mrs. James A. Moody , Mrs. Frank C. Wilkinson , Mrs. Ethel Coles , Mrs. Harold G. Lacy , Mrs. Albert W. Terry , Mrs. Henry M. Chance , 2d , Mrs. Robert O. Spurdle , Jr. , Mrs. Harcourt N. Trimble , Jr. , Mrs. John A. Moller , Mrs. Robert Zeising , Mrs. William G. Kilhour , Mrs. Hughes Cauffman , Mrs. John L. Baringer and Mrs. Clyde Newman . The fashion show , by Natalie Collett will have Mrs. John Newbold as commentator . Models will be Mrs. Samuel B. D. Baird , Mrs. William H. Meyle , Jr. , Mrs. Richard W. Hole , Mrs. William F. Harrity , Mrs. Robert O. Spurdle , Mrs. E. H. Kloman , Mrs. Robert W. Wolcott , Jr. , Mrs. Frederick C. Wheeler , Jr. , Mrs. William A Boyd , Mrs F. Vernon Putt . Col. Clifton Lisle , of Chester Springs , who headed the Troop Committee for much of its second and third decades , is now an honorary member . Each year he invites the boys to camp out on his estate for one of their big week ends of the year