The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad announced yesterday it would reduce the total amount of its payroll by 10 per cent through salary cuts and lay-offs effective at 12:01 A.M. next Saturday . The current monthly payroll comes to about $15,000,000 . Howard E. Simpson , the railroad's president , said , `` A drastic decline in freight loading due principally to the severe slump in the movement of heavy goods has necessitated this regrettable action '' . The reduction in expenses will affect employees in the thirteen states in which the B. & O. operates . Salary cut and lay-offs It will be accomplished in two ways : 1 A flat reduction of 10 per cent in the salary of all officers , supervisors and other employees not belonging to unions . There are about 3,325 officers and employees in this class . 2 Sufficient lay-offs of union employees to bring about a 10 per cent cut in the union payroll expense . Since the railroad cannot reduce the salary of individual union members under contract , it must accomplish its payroll reduction by placing some of the men on furlough , a B. & O. spokesman said . Those union members kept on their jobs , therefore , will not take a cut in their wages . The spokesman said the number to be furloughed cannot be estimated since the lay-offs must be carried out in each area depending on what men are most needed on the job . A thug struck a cab driver in the face with a pistol last night after robbing him of $18 at Franklin and Mount Streets . The victim , Norman B. Wiley , 38 , of the 900 block North Charles Street , was treated for cuts at Franklin Square Hospital after the robbery . The driver told police he followed as the Negro man got out of the cab with his money . The victim was beaten when he attempted to stop the bandit . He said the assailant , who was armed with a automatic , entered the taxi at Pennsylvania Avenue and Gold Street . In another attack , Samuel Verstandig , 41 , proprietor of a food store in the 2100 block Aiken Street , told police two Negroes assaulted him in his store and stole $150 from the cash register after choking and beating him . A baby was burned to death and two other children were seriously injured last night in a fire which damaged their one-room Anne Arundel county home . The victim Darnell Somerville , Negro , 1 , was pronounced dead on arrival at Anne Arundel General Hospital in Annapolis . His sister and brother , Marie Louise , 3 , and John Raymond , Jr. 22 months , were admitted to the hospital . The girl was in critical condition with burns over 90 per cent of her body . Boy in fair condition The boy received second-degree burns of the face , neck and back . His condition was reported to be fair . Police said the children's mother , Mrs. Eleanor Somerville , was visiting next door when the fire occurred . The house is on Old Annapolis road a mile south of Severna Park , at Jones Station , police said . Annapolis , Jan. 7 -- The Anne Arundel county school superintendent has asked that the Board of Education return to the practice of recording its proceedings mechanically so that there will be no more question about who said what . The proposal was made by Dr. David S. Jenkins after he and Mrs. D. Ellwood Williams , Jr. , a board member and long-time critic of the superintendent , argued for about fifteen minutes at this week's meeting . The disagreement was over what Dr. Jenkins had said at a previous session and how his remarks appeared in the minutes presented at the following meeting . Cites discrepancies Mrs. Williams had a list which she said contained about nine or ten discrepancies between her memory of Dr. Jenkins's conversation and how they were written up for the board's approval . `` I hate to have these things come up again and again '' , Dr. Jenkins commented as he made his suggestion . `` These are the board's minutes . I'll write what you tell me to '' . For a number of years the board used a machine to keep a permanent record but abandoned the practice about two years ago . It was about that time , a board member said later , that Dr. Thomas G. Pullen , Jr. , State superintendent of schools , told Dr. Jenkins and a number of other education officials that he would not talk to them with a recording machine sitting in front of him . The Board of County Commissioners , the Sanitary Commission , the Planning and Zoning Board and other county official bodies use recording machines for all public business in order to prevent law suits and other misunderstandings about what actually happened at their meetings . Dr. Jenkins notes , however , that most of the school boards in the State do not do so . State Senator Joseph A. Bertorelli ( D. , First Baltimore ) had a stroke yesterday while in his automobile in the 200 block of West Pratt Street . He was taken to University Hospital in a municipal ambulance . Doctors at the hospital said he was partially paralyzed on the right side . His condition was said to be , `` fair '' . Police said he became ill while parked in front of a barber shop at 229 West Pratt Street . Barber summoned He called Vincent L. Piraro , proprietor of the shop , who summoned police and an ambulance . The vice president of the City Council complained yesterday that there are `` deficiencies '' in the city's snow clearing program which should be