London , Feb. 9 -- Vital secrets of Britain's first atomic submarine , the Dreadnought , and , by implication , of the entire United States navy's still-building nuclear sub fleet , were stolen by a London-based soviet spy ring , secret service agents testified today . The Dreadnought was built on designs supplied by the United States in 1959 and was launched last year . It is a killer sub -- that is , a hunter of enemy subs . It has a hull patterned on that of the United States navy's Nautilus , the world's first atomic submarine . Its power unit , however , was derived from the reactor of the more modern American nuclear submarine Skipjack . Five held for trial The announcement that the secrets of the Dreadnought had been stolen was made in Bow St. police court here at the end of a three day hearing . A full trial was ordered for : Two British civil servants , Miss Ethel Gee , 46 , and her newly devoted friend , Harry Houghton , 55 , and divorced . They are accused of whisking secrets out of naval strongrooms over which they kept guard . Gordon A. Lonsdale , 37 , a mystery man presumed to be Russian although he carries a Canadian passport . When arrested , he had the submarine secrets on a roll of candid camera film as well as anti-submarine secrets in Christmas gift wrapping , it was testified . Flashed to Moscow A shadowy couple who call themselves Peter Kroger , bookseller , and wife , Joyce . ( In Washington , the Federal Bureau of Investigation identified the Krogers as Morris and Lola Cohen , an American couple formerly of New York City ) . In their suburban cottage the crown charges , the Krogers received secrets from the mystery man , usually on the first Saturday evening of each month , and spent much of the week-end getting the secrets off to Moscow , either on a powerful transmitter buried under the kitchen floor or as dots posted over period marks in used books . Each dot on magnification resumed its original condition as a drawing , a printed page , or a manuscript . All five pleaded innocent . Only Miss Gee asked for bail . Her young British lawyer , James Dunlop , pleaded that she was sorely needed at her Portland home by her widowed mother , 80 , her maiden aunt , also 80 and bedridden for 20 years , and her uncle , 76 , who once ran a candy shop . Refuses to grant bail `` I am not prepared to grant bail to any of them '' , said the magistrate , K.J.P. Baraclough . The trial will be held , probably the first week of March , in the famous Old Bailey central criminal court where Klaus Fuchs , the naturalized British German born scientist who succeeded in giving American and British atomic bomb secrets to Russia and thereby changed world history during the 1950s , was sentenced to 14 years in prison . Fourteen years is the maximum penalty now faced by the new five , who may have altered history in the 1960s . Fuchs , after nine and a half years , was released , being given time off for good behavior . He promptly went to communist East Germany . The magistrate tonight refused to return to the five $29,000 in American and British currency , mostly $20 bills , and in British government bonds and stocks . `` This is Russian money '' , said Mervin Griffith-Jones for the attorney general's office . He asserted that the Krogers were the bankers for Moscow , Lonsdale the Red paymaster , and the two civil servants the recipients for selling their country's secrets . `` Of highest value '' The fact that secrets of the Dreadnought , and thereby of the American undersea fleet , were involved in the spy case had been hinted at earlier . But just before luncheon today the fact was announced grimly by the British navy's chief adviser to the cabinet on underwater warfare , Capt. George Symonds . He said that drawings of the Dreadnought and printed details about the ship were found reproduced in an undeveloped roll of film taken from Lonsdale when he was arrested with the two civil servants outside the Old Vic theater Saturday afternoon , Jan. 7 . The information , he said , would have been of the highest value to a potential enemy . Court cleared Just how many sub secrets were being handed over when the ring , watched for six months , was broken remained untold . The British defending lawyers , who today increased from three to four , demanded to know if they could make the information involved seem of little value to a jury , the chances of their clients would improve . So in the name of justice the magistrate cleared the court of all except officials to allow the captain to elaborate for almost an hour . Almost any information about the Dreadnought would also reveal secrets about the American underwater fleet . Britain began designing the ship in 1956 but got nowhere until the American government decided to end a ban on sharing military secrets with Britain that had been imposed after Fuchs blabbed . The United States offered to supply a complete set of propelling equipment like that used in the Skipjack . With the machinery went a complete design for the hull . The Skipjack was a second generation atomic sub , much advanced on the Nautilus and the other four which preceded it . Navy's future involved `` Much of the navy's future depends upon her '' , an American naval announcement said on the Skipjack's first arrival in British waters in August , 1959 , for exhibition to selected high officers