St. Johns , Mich. , April 19 . -- A jury of seven men and five women found 21-year-old Richard Pohl guilty of manslaughter yesterday in the bludgeon slaying of Mrs. Anna Hengesbach . Pohl received the verdict without visible emotion . He returned to his cell in the county jail , where he has been held since his arrest last July , without a word to his court-appointed attorney , Jack Walker , or his guard . Stepson vindicated The verdict brought vindication to the dead woman's stepson , Vincent Hengesbach , 54 , who was tried for the same crime in December , 1958 , and released when the jury failed to reach a verdict . Mrs. Hengesbach was killed on Aug. 31 , 1958 . Hengesbach has been living under a cloud ever since . When the verdict came in against his young neighbor , Hengesbach said : `` I am very pleased to have the doubt of suspicion removed . Still , I don't wish to appear happy at somebody else's misfortune '' . Lives on welfare Hengesbach , who has been living on welfare recently , said he hopes to rebuild the farm which was settled by his grandfather in Westphalia , 27 miles southwest of here . Hengesbach has been living in Grand Ledge since his house and barn were burned down after his release in 1958 . Pohl confessed the arson while being questioned about several fires in the Westphalia area by State Police . He also admitted killing Mrs. Hengesbach . However , the confession , which was the only evidence against him , was retracted before the trial . Charges in doubt Assistant Prosecutor Fred Lewis , who tried both the Hengesbach and Pohl cases , said he did not know what would be done about two arson charges pending against Pohl . Circuit Judge Paul R. Cash did not set a date for sentencing . Pohl could receive from 1 to 15 years in prison or probation . Walker said he was considering filing a motion for a new trial which would contend that the verdict was against the weight of the evidence and that there were several errors in trial procedure . Locked in motel A verdict against Pohl came at 4:05 p.m. after almost 13-1/2 hours of deliberation . The jury , which was locked up in a motel overnight , was canvassed at the request of Walker after the verdict was announced . The jury foreman , Mrs. Olive Heideman , of rural Elsie , said that a ballot was not even taken until yesterday morning and that the first day of deliberation was spent in going over the evidence . She said the jurors agreed that Pohl's confession was valid . The jury asked Judge Cash to send in his written definition of the difference between first and second-degree murder and manslaughter . The verdict came three hours later . Some 30 spectators remained in the court during the day and were on hand to hear the verdict read . The trial had packed the large courtroom for more than a week . A Sterling Township family of six surviving children , whose mother died yesterday as the aftermath to a fire that also killed one of the children , found today they had the help of hundreds of neighbors and school friends . While neighbor women assumed some of the dead mother's duties , fund-raising events were being planned by a homeowners association and a student council for the hard-hit Henry Kowalski family , 34220 Viceroy . Mrs. Eleanor Kowalski , 42 , died yesterday afternoon in Holy Cross Hospital of burns suffered in a fire that followed a bottled gas explosion Saturday night at the flat of her widowed mother , Mrs. Mary Pankowski , in the adjoining suburb of Warren . Services tomorrow Funeral services for Mrs. Kowalski and her daughter , Christine , 11 , who died of burns at the same hospital Monday , have been scheduled for 10 a.m. tomorrow in St. Anne's Catholic Church , 31978 Mound , in Warren . The mother and daughter , who will be buried side by side in Mt. Olivet Cemetery , rested together today in closed caskets at the Lyle Elliott Funeral Home , 31730 Mound , Warren . Mrs. Pankowski , 61 , remained in Holy Cross Hospital as a result of the explosion , which occurred while Mrs. Kowalski fueled a cook stove in the grandmother's small upstairs flat at 2274 Eight Mile Road East . Held candle Assistant Fire Chief Chester Cornell said gas fumes apparently were ignited by a candle which one of the three Kowalski girls present held for her mother , because the flat lacked electricity . Christine's twin sister , Patricia , and Darlene Kowalski , 8 , escaped with minor burns . They are home now with the other Kowalski children , Vicky , 14 ; ; Dennis , 6 ; ; Eleanor , 2 ; ; and Bernardine , 1 . `` All we have left in the world is one another , and we must stay together the way Mother wanted '' , Kowalski said in telling his children of their mother's death yesterday afternoon . Kowalski , a roofer who seldom worked last winter , already was in arrears on their recently purchased split-level home when the tragedy staggered him with medical and funeral bills . A135 donated Neighbor women , such as Mrs. Sidney Baker , 2269 Serra , Sterling Township , have been supplying the family with meals and handling household chores with Kowalski's sister-in-law , Mrs. Anna Kowalski , 22111 David , East Detroit . Another neighbor , Mrs. Frank C. Smith , 2731 Pall Mall , Sterling Township , surprised Kowalski by coming to the home yesterday with $135 collected locally toward the $400 funeral costs . John C. Houghton , president of the Tareytown Acres Homeowners