Emory University's Board of Trustees announced Friday that it was prepared to accept students of any race as soon as the state's tax laws made such a step possible . `` Emory University's charter and by-laws have never required admission or rejection of students on the basis of race '' , board chairman Henry L. Bowden stated . But an official statement adopted by the 33-man Emory board at its annual meeting Friday noted that state taxing requirements at present are a roadblock to accepting Negroes . The statement explained that under the Georgia Constitution and state law , tax-exempt status is granted to educational institutions only if they are segregated . `` Emory could not continue to operate according to its present standards as an institution of higher learning , of true university grade , and meet its financial obligations , without the tax-exemption privileges which are available to it only so long as it conforms to the aforementioned constitutional and statutory provisions '' , the statement said . The statement did not mention what steps might be taken to overcome the legal obstacles to desegregation . An Emory spokesman indicated , however , that the university itself did not intend to make any test of the laws . The Georgia Constitution gives the Legislature the power to exempt colleges from property taxation if , among other criteria , `` all endowments to institutions established for white people shall be limited to white people , and all endowments to institutions established for colored people shall be limited to colored people '' . At least two private colleges in the Atlanta area now or in the past have had integrated student bodies , but their tax-exempt status never has been challenged by the state . Emory is affiliated with the Methodist Church . Some church leaders , both clerical and lay , have criticized the university for not taking the lead in desegregation . Urged in 1954 The student newspaper , The Emory Wheel , as early as the fall of 1954 called for desegregation . `` From its beginning '' , the trustees' statement said Friday , `` Emory University has assumed as its primary commitment a dedication to excellence in Christian higher learning . Teaching , research and study , according to highest standards , under Christian influence , are paramount in the Emory University policy . `` As a private institution , supported by generous individuals , Emory University will recognize no obligation and will adopt no policy that would conflict with its purpose to promote excellence in scholarship and Christian education . `` There is not now , nor has there ever been in Emory University's charter or by-laws any requirement that students be admitted or rejected on the basis of race , color or creed . Insofar as its own governing documents are concerned , Emory University could now consider applications from prospective students , and others seeking applications from prospective students , and others seeking the opportunity to study or work at the university , irrespective of race , color or creed . Corporate existence `` On the other hand , Emory University derives its corporate existence from the State of Georgia . `` When and if it can do so without jeopardizing constitutional and statutory tax-exemption privileges essential to the maintenance of its educational program and facilities , Emory University will consider applications of persons desiring to study or work at the University without regard to race , color or creed , continuing university policy that all applications shall be considered on the basis of intellectual and moral standards and other criteria designed to assure the orderly and effective conduct of the university and the fulfillment of its mission as an institution of Christian higher education '' . A young man was killed and two others injured at midnight Friday when the car they were riding slid into a utility pole on Lake Avenue near Waddell Street , NE , police said . The dead youth was identified as Robert E. Sims , 19 , of 1688 Oak Knoll Cir. , Aj . Patrolman G. E. Hammons said the car evidently slid out of control on rain-slick streets and slammed into the pole . The other occupants were James Willard Olvey , 18 , of 963 Ponce De Leon Ave. , NE , and Larry Coleman Barnett , 19 , of 704 Hill St. , SE , both of whom were treated at Grady Hospital for severe lacerations and bruises . The Atlanta Negro student movement renewed its demands for movie theater integration Friday and threatened picketing and `` stand-ins '' if negotiations failed . The demands were set forth in letters to seven owners of first-run theaters by the Committee on Appeal for Human Rights . ' intend to attend ' `` We intend to attend the downtown theaters before the first of the year '' , the identically worded letters said . The letters set a Nov. 15 deadline for the start of negotiations . They indicated that stand-ins and picketing would be started if theater owners failed to cooperate . Downtown and art theater managers and owners , contacted Friday night for comment on the COAHR request , said they had no knowledge of such a letter , and that it was not in the Friday mail . However , three of the managers did say that they would agree to attend the proposed meeting if all of the other managers decided to attend . Gather here The COAHR letter comes on the eve of a large gathering of theater managers and owners scheduled to begin here Sunday . Several theater operators said , however , that there is little likelihood of the subject being discussed during the three-day affair . Student leaders began sporadic efforts to negotiate theater integration several months ago . Charles A. Black , COAHR chairman , said Friday that three theater representatives had agreed to