Salem ( special ) -- For a second month in a row , Multnomah County may be short of general assistance money in its budget to handle an unusually high summer month's need , the state public welfare commission was told Friday . It is the only county in the state so far this month reporting a possible shortage in GA category , for which emergency allotment can be given by the state if necessary . William Smythe , director of field service , told the commissioners that Multnomah , as of Aug. 22 , had spent $58,918 out of its budgeted $66,000 in the category , leaving only $7,082 for the rest of the month . At the rate of need indicated in the early weeks of the month , this could mean a shortage of as high as $17,000 . But it probably will be less because of a usual slackening during the last weeks of each month , Smythe said . No request for emergency allotment had yet been received , however . Board oks pact The commission , meeting for the first time with both of its newly-appointed commissioners , Roy Webster , of Hood River , and Dr. Ennis Keizer , of North Bend , approved a year's contract for a consultant in the data processing department who has been the center of considerable controversy in the past . The contract with Ray Field , who has been converting the agencies electronic data processing program to magnetic tape , would renew his present salary of $8 an hour up to a maximum of 200 hours a month . Field does the planning for the machine operations and fiscal processes and the adapting of the data processing system to new programs as they are made necessary by legislative and policy changes . Acting Administrator Andrew F. Juras said that because of Field's unique position and knowledge in the program , the agency now would be seriously handicapped if he was not continued for a period . But he emphasized that the agency must train people within its own employ to fulfill what Field handles , and he said he personally `` regrets very much that the agency has not done this in the past '' . He pointed out to the commissioners that the agency was literally dependent now on the machine processing , `` and the whole wheels of the agency would stop if it broke down or the three or four persons directing it were to leave '' . Salary termed modest Juras said he insisted Field be continued on a consultant basis only and be answerable directly to the administrator of the agency and not to other agencies of the government . He also said that the salary , in terms of going rates in the field , was `` modest '' in terms of the man's responsibility . The conversion to magnetic tape is not yet completed , he said , and added Field's long service in state government and welfare employ gave him familiarity with the welfare program . `` Do you feel you can stand up to the next legislative session and defend this contract '' ? ? Asked Mrs. Grace O. Peck , representative from Multnomah County , of the commission chairman , Joseph E. Harvey Jr. . `` My feeling at the moment '' , he said , `` is that we have no alternative , irrespective of some of the arguments about him . The continued operation of this program depends on having his service '' . Harvey criticized Mrs. Peck , later joined by the commission's vice-chairman , Mrs. Lee Patterson , took Harvey to task for comments he had made to the North Portland Rotary Club Tuesday . A publicity release from Oregon Physicians Service , of which Harvey is president , quoted him as saying the welfare office move to Salem , instead of `` crippling '' the agency , had provided an avenue to correct administrative weaknesses , with the key being improved communications between F & A and the commission staff . `` I rather resent '' , she said , `` you speaking to those groups in Portland as though just the move accomplished this . I think you fell short of the real truth in the matter : That the move is working out through the fine cooperation of the staff and all the people . The staff deserves a lot of credit working down here under real obstacles '' . Harvey said his objective was to create a better public image for welfare '' . The wife of convicted bank robber Lawrence G. Huntley was arrested in Phoenix , Ariz. , last week and will be returned to Portland to face charges of assault and robbery , Portland detectives said Friday . Mrs. Lavaughn Huntley is accused of driving the getaway car used in a robbery of the Woodyard Bros.' Grocery , 2825 E. Burnside St. , in April of 1959 . Her husband , who was sentenced to 15 years in the federal prison at McNeil Island last April for robbery of the Hillsdale branch of Multnomah Bank , also was charged with the store holdup . Secret Grand Jury indictments were returned against the pair last week , Detective Murray Logan reported . The Phoenix arrest culminates more than a year's investigation by Detective William Taylor and other officers . Taylor said Mrs. Huntley and her husband also will be questioned about a series of 15 Portland robberies in spring of 1959 in which the holdup men bound their victims with tape before fleeing . Mrs. Huntley was held on $20,000 bond in Phoenix . She was arrested by Phoenix Police after they received the indictment papers from Portland detectives . A 12-year-old girl , Susan Elaine Smith , 9329 NE Schuyler St. was in serious condition Friday at Bess Kaiser Hospital , victim of a bicycle-auto