About 70 North Providence taxpayers made appeals to the board of tax assessors for a review of their 1961 tax assessments during the last two days at the town hall in Centredale . These were the last two days set aside by the board for hearing appeals . Appeals were heard for two days two weeks ago . About 75 persons appeared at that time . Louis H. Grenier , clerk of the board , said that the appeals will be reviewed in December at the time the board is visiting new construction sites in the town for assessment purposes . They also will visit properties on which appeals have been made . Any adjustments which are made , Mr. Grenier said earlier this month , will appear on the balance of the tax bill since most of the town's taxpayers take the option of paying quarterly with the balance due next year . John Pezza , 69 , of 734 Hartford Avenue , Providence , complained of shoulder pains after an accident in which a car he was driving collided with a car driven by Antonio Giorgio , 25 , of 12 DeSoto St. , Providence , on Greenville Avenue and Cherry Hill Road in Johnston yesterday . Mr. Giorgio had started to turn left off Greenville Avenue onto Cherry Hill Road when his car was struck by the Pezza car , police said . Both cars were slightly damaged . Mr. Pezza was taken to a nearby Johnston physician , Dr. Allan A. DiSimone , who treated him . Mr. Giorgio was uninjured . Thieves yesterday ransacked a home in the Garden Hills section of Cranston and stole an estimated $3,675 worth of furs , jewels , foreign coins and American dollars . Mr. and Mrs. Stephen M. Kochanek reported the theft at their home on 41 Garden Hills Drive at about 6 last night . They told police the intruders took a mink coat worth $700 , a black Persian lamb jacket worth $450 ; ; a wallet with $450 in it ; ; a collection of English , French and German coins , valued at $500 ; ; four rings , a watch and a set of pearl earrings . One of the rings was a white gold band with a diamond setting , valued at $900 . The others were valued at $325 , $75 and $65 . The watch was valued at $125 and the earrings at $85 . The Kochaneks told police they left home at 8 a.m. and returned about 45 p.m. and found the house had been entered . Patrolman Robert J. Nunes , who investigated , said the thieves broke in through the back door . Drawers and cabinets in two bedrooms and a sewing room were ransacked . The city sewer maintenance division said efforts will be made Sunday to clear a stoppage in a sewer connection at Eddy and Elm Streets responsible for dumping raw sewage into the Providence River . The division said it would be impossible to work on the line until then because of the large amount of acid sewage from jewelry plants in the area flowing through the line , heavy vehicle traffic on Eddy Street and tide conditions . A two-family house at 255 Brook Street has been purchased by Brown University from Lawrence J. Sullivan , according to a deed filed Monday at City Hall . F. Morris Cochran , university vice president and business manager , said the house has been bought to provide rental housing for faculty families , particularly for those here for a limited time . Employes of Pawtucket's garbage and rubbish collection contractor picketed the firm's incinerator site yesterday in the second day of a strike for improved wages and working conditions . Thomas Rotelli , head of Rhode Island Incinerator Service , Inc. , said four of the company's eight trucks were making collections with both newly hired and regular workers . Sydney Larson , a staff representative for the United Steel Workers , which the firm's 25 workers joined before striking , said the state Labor Relations Board has been asked to set up an election to pick a bargaining agent . A 62-year-old Smithfield man , Lester E. Stone of 19 Beverly Circle , was in satisfactory condition last night at Our Lady of Fatima Hospital , North Providence , with injuries suffered when a car he was driving struck a utility pole on Woonasquatucket Avenue in North Providence near Stevens Street . Mr. Stone suffered fractured ribs and chest cuts , hospital authorities said . He was taken to the hospital by the North Providence ambulance . Before hitting the pole , Mr. Stone's car brushed against a car driven by Alva W. Vernava , 21 , of 23 Maple Ave. , North Providence , tearing away the rear bumper and denting the left rear fender of the Vernava car , police said . Mr. Vernava was uninjured . The impact with the utility pole caused a brief power failure in the immediate area of the accident . One house was without power for about half an hour , a Narragansett Electric Co. spokesman said . The power was off for about five minutes in houses along Smith Street as far away as Fruit Hill Avenue shortly before 5 p.m. when the accident occurred . The fight over the Warwick School Committee's appointment of a coordinator of audio-visual education may go to the state Supreme Court , it appeared last night . Two members of the Democratic-endorsed majority on the school board said they probably would vote to appeal a ruling by the state Board of Education , which said yesterday that the school committee acted improperly in its appointment of the coordinator , Francis P. Nolan 3rd , the Democratic-endorsed committee chairman , could not be reached for comment . In its ruling , the state Board of Education upheld Dr. Michael