Asilomar , March 26 Vast spraying programs conducted by `` technicians with narrow training and little wisdom '' are endangering crops and wildlife , Carl W. Buchheister , president of the National Audubon Society , said today . `` It is like handing a loaded automatic to an 8-year-old and telling him to run out and play '' , he commented . Buchheister told delegates to the West Coast Audubon Convention that aerial spraying in Louisiana failed to destroy its target , the fire ant . `` But it did destroy the natural controls of a borer and released a new plague that wrecked a sugar cane crop '' , he said . The conservation leader said other mistakes in spraying had caused serious damage in Ohio and Wyoming . There have even been serious errors in the U. S. Forest Service , whose officials pride themselves in their scientific training , he added . `` The news of their experiments reaches the farmers who , forgetting that birds are the most efficient natural enemies of insects and rodents , are encouraged to try to get rid of all birds that occasionally peck their grapes or their blueberries '' , Buchheister told the delegates . In addition to urging greater restrictions on aerial spraying , Buchheister called for support of the Wilderness bill , creation of national seashore parks , including Point Reyes ; ; preservation of the wetlands where birds breed ; ; a pesticides co-ordination act ; ; stronger water pollution control programs , and Federal ratification of an international convention to halt pollution of the sea by oil . The Reed Rogers Da Fonta Wild Life Sanctuary in Marin county on Friday officially became the property of the National Audubon Society . Mrs. Norman Livermore , president of the Marin Conservation League , handed over the deed to the 645-acre tidelands tract south of Greenwood Beach to Carl W. Buchheister , president of the Society . The presentation was made before several hundred persons at the annual meeting of the League at Olney Hall , College of Marin , Kentfield . Buchheister pledged the land would be an `` inviolate '' sanctuary for all birds , animals and plants . Seventeen years ago today , German scientist Willy Fiedler climbed into a makeshift cockpit installed in a V-1 rocket-bomb that was attached to the underbelly of a Heinkel bomber . The World War 2 , German bomber rolled down a runway and took off . The only way Fiedler could get back to earth alive was to fly the pulse jet missile and land it on the airstrip . This had never been done before . Now a quiet-spoken , middle-aged man , Fiedler is an aeronautical engineer for Lockheed's Missiles and Space Division at Sunnyvale , where he played a key role in the development of the Navy's Polaris missile . He sat in his office yesterday and recalled that historic flight in 1944 . `` The first two pilots had crashed '' , he said . `` I had developed the machines and therefore knew them . It was time to go up myself '' . Fiedler was then technical director of Hitler's super-secret `` Reichenberg project '' , which remained unknown to the Allies until after the war . About 200 of the special V-1 rocket-bombs were to be made ready for manned flight with an explosive warhead . The target was Allied shipping -- a desperate effort to stave off the Allied invasion of Europe . The success of the project depended upon Fiedler's flight . Squeezed into the few cubic feet normally filled by the rocket's automatic guidance mechanism , the scientist waited while the bomber gained altitude . At 12,000 feet , Fiedler signaled `` release '' , and started the roaring pulse-jet engine -- then streaked away from beneath the Heinkel . To the German pilot in the bomber the rocket became a faint black speck , hurtling through the sky at the then incredible speed of 420 m.p.h. . It was probably man's first successful flight in a missile . `` She flew beautifully '' , said Fiedler . `` There was only one power control -- a valve to adjust the fuel flow . I had exactly 20 minutes to get down to the test strip '' . Using a steering system that controlled the modified rocket's tail surfaces and wings equipped with ailerons , Fiedler was to land the missile on a skid especially bolted under the fuselage . He managed to maneuver the missile to a landing speed of 200 m.p.h. -- fast even for a modern jet plane touchdown -- and banked into the airfield . Moments later the V-1 skimmed across the landing strip , edging closer and closer to a touchdown -- then in a streamer of dust it landed . Fiedler went on to make several other test flights before German pilots took over the Reichenberg missiles . The missiles were to be armed with an underwater bomb . Pilots would steer them in a suicide dive into the water , striking below the waterline of individual ships . A crack corps of 50 pilots was formed from the ranks of volunteers , but the project was halted before the end of the war , and the missiles later fell into Allied hands . Now a family man with three children , Fiedler lives in a quiet residential area near the Lockheed plant at Sunnyvale . His spare time is spent in soaring gliders . `` It's so quiet '' , he said , `` so slow , serene -- and so challenging '' . John Di Massimo has been elected president of the 1961 Columbus Day Celebration Committee , it was announced yesterday . Other officers are Angelo J. Scampini , vice president , Joseph V. Arata , treasurer , and Fred J. Casassa , secretary . Judge John B. Molinari